Develop (#493)
aspose-pdf/Aspose.PDF-Documentation: en/python-net/advanced-operations/working-with-documents/_index.md

- [Merge PDF](/pdf/python-net/merge-pdf-documents/) - merge multiple PDF files into a single PDF document using Python.
- [Split PDF](/pdf/python-net/split-document/) - split PDF pages into individual PDF files in your Python applications.
- [Working with Headings](/pdf/python-net/working-with-headings/) - you can create numbering in heading your PDF document with Python.

> - [Work with PDF layers](/pdf/python-net/work-with-pdf-layers/) - how to lock a PDF layer, extract PDF layer elements, flatten a layered PDF, and merge all layers inside PDF into one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Working with PDF layers](/pdf/python-net/working-with-pdf-layers/) - how to manage and manipulate PDF layers using the Aspose.PDF for Python via .NET library.
```
